ietf125/README.md, before:

# IETF 125 - Shenzhen
14 Mar 2026 - 20 Mar 2026

90 mins.

> ### ℹ️ Current status:
> Planning and preparations in progress
> - [x] session request submitted.
> <!-- Session Planned -->
> <!-- Preliminary agenda published on this GitHub-->
> <!-- [Agenda submitted to Datatracker](https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/materials/agenda-125-rpp) -->
> <!-- Finished - working on proceedings -->

<!-- Attendance: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/session/xxxxx/attendance -->

<!-- > [Archived](https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/proceedings). -->

<!-- Minutes: https://notes.ietf.org/s/notes-ietf-125-rpp -->

<!-- IETF125 Session Materials: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/session/rpp -->

<!-- IETF125 meeting requests: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/requests -->
<!-- IETF125 Materials: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/materials -->
<!-- Materials https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/materials -->

See: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/important-dates/#IETF125

<!--
see: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2418#section-3.1
see: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2418#section-6
-->

Commit message:

Revise current status in README
Updated current status with next update date.

ietf125/README.md, after:

# IETF 125 - Shenzhen
14 Mar 2026 - 20 Mar 2026

90 mins.

> ### ℹ️ Current status:
> Planning and preparations in progress - next update of this page expected on 2026-03-02.
> - [x] session request submitted.
> <!-- Session Planned -->
> <!-- Preliminary agenda published on this GitHub-->
> <!-- [Agenda submitted to Datatracker](https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/materials/agenda-125-rpp) -->
> <!-- Finished - working on proceedings -->

<!-- Attendance: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/session/xxxxx/attendance -->

<!-- > [Archived](https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/proceedings). -->

<!-- Minutes: https://notes.ietf.org/s/notes-ietf-125-rpp -->

<!-- IETF125 Session Materials: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/session/rpp -->

<!-- IETF125 meeting requests: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/requests -->
<!-- IETF125 Materials: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/125/materials -->
<!-- Materials https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/materials -->

See: https://datatracker.ietf.org/meeting/important-dates/#IETF125

<!--
see: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2418#section-3.1
see: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2418#section-6
-->
